---

layout: post
title: "Forever"
description: ""
author: "Rahul Gupta"
coverimg: "posts/forev/forev.jpg"
tags: [flag]
flagorder: 951
---

## Forever
> I'm inadvertly lost in that smile of yours,\\
  And in each and every single word that you say,\\
  Sometime I don't even know who I am anymore,\\
  As you lead me on a path, I'll never astray.
>
>> I will keep following you,\\
   Because I love you.
>
> And every night I can't help but watch you sleep,\\
  Down from the countless flickering stars, I'm soaring,\\
  And every time I wish I could step into your dream,\\
  Through the calming dead of light, I'm falling.
>
>> I will keep loving you,\\
   Because I fell hard for you.
>
> While you're slumbering I put my ear on your chest,\\
  And I can't help but lose myself within the echoing sounds,\\
  Putting me into a trance,\\
  It's such a feeling I will never forget,\\
  For the cherished memories are found.
>
>> I will forever remember you,\\
   Because I need you.
>
> I never dare to slip into unconsciousness,\\
  As I pretend to meld myself into your fantasies,\\
  Entering a world that leaves me somewhat restless,\\
  But the thoughts & colours swirl around me so mesmerizingly.
>
>> I will forever desire you,\\
   Because I'm drawn to you.
>
> Listening to your heartbeat, Eternally flowing,\\
  It's Like listening to your life's stream,\\
  Endlessly calming.
>
>> I will always listen for you,\\
   Because I'm awaiting to hear from you.
>
> Playing an angelic synth,\\
  You're so innocently beautiful,\\
  I'm blessed to have the person I'm with,\\
  A harmonic presence which makes life so meaningful.
>
>> I always want to be with you,\\
   Because I gave my soul to you.
