---

layout: post
title: "The Touch"
description: ""
author: "Nehul Akash Sahu"
coverimg: "posts/touch/touch1.jpg"
tags: [flag]
flagorder: 996	
---

## The Touch
>
> A bird flutters by,\\
> Up, to kiss the sky,\\
> It struggles, soaring through the wind,\\
> A feather, detaches from the wing.
> 
> It sways and falls,\\
> Leaves nudge, breaking it’s fall,\\
> Bent on purpose, eludes their bait,\\
> To act decisively in my fate.
> 
> Wind dispersing swirl and twirl,\\
> Guided it to our world,\\
> A bench, in the park,\\
> Beneath a mighty tree's arch.
> 
> Thick green growth on wooden foot,\\
> As if green mossy, withered boots,\\
> Spring set to ripen beauty's fruit,\\
> We sat beneath, to devour our loot.
> 
> Deep yellow vines came down,\\
> To answer, cause of your frown,\\
> Blame lie with prickly sun light,\\
> Then them vines, checked it’s might.
> 
> Like ripples of touched waters,\\
> Dotted vines, small white flowers,\\
> Portrayed nimbus behind your head,\\
> Divinity & charm,\\
> Woven in one thread.
> 
> Then there came the feather,\\
> From the sky, a courier,\\
> A parcel of untold sequence,\\
> Delivering moments, that aren't so frequent.
> 
> Oh so, gently it brushed your hair,\\
> Them so glossy, like silver wares,\\
> It slid down further, caught a strand,\\
> Then swung from there, a flag atop,\\
> Queens very own heartland.
>
> The strand dropped it to the peak,\\
> Of your raised, cerise cheek,\\
> And presented the perfect call,\\
> For contrast of ruby and pearl.
>
> Dawdle it ebbed away,\\
> Helpless, but lured to 'smiling's bay',\\
> Overwhelmed, but by tides after tides,\\
> Of your allure & playful smiles,\\
> It turned & took to leave,\\
> Jumping clear off your chin's cliff.
>
> Peacefully it then rested on your blade,\\
> In company of black silken drapes,\\
> It's journey ended purposely,\\
> From its throne, looked around delightedly.
>
> It's trail tickles you fervently,\\
> Attention shifts from me mildly,\\
> Glibly, you look around for source,\\
> And here I am driven by a force.
>
> To still you,\\
> I hold you by shoulders,\\
> The touch happens,\\
> My palms grow colder,\\
> My blood shy away from yours,\\
> A phenomenon,\\
> I still search for cures.
>
> Sliding the black drapes aside,\\
> Gently I pick the feather, as my aide,\\
> & place it in my palm's centre,\\
> For you to have a look better.
>
> From your face, its inches apart,\\
> Wind gushes, the feather departs,\\
> We look as it blows,\\
> To reach beyond hills and coves.
>
> You then look at me,\\
> Smiling angelically through lips & bree,\\
> Sleek, you tilt your head,\\
> Resting it on my palm outstretched.
>
> By the gesture you assured,\\
> Issues of trust wouldn't, ever be broached,\\
> As long as you would reign,\\
> My world, wouldn’t nurture that sin.
>
> Finally I pulled you closer,\\
> Draping an arm for closure,\\
> Head on shoulder & head over head,\\
> We sat, witnessing autumn's tread.
>
> Our first meet,\\
> My first touch,\\
> My love,\\
> I don't know when it's 'much',\\
> The time cannot rub off 'the touch'\\
> For I will hold you such.
