---

layout: post
title: "The Jog"
description: ""
author: "Nehul Akash Sahu"
coverimg: "posts/jog/jog3.jpg"
---

## The Jog
>  Murmuring our favourite tune,\\
  We go inside, only to be out soon,\\
  Clad in our jogging kit,\\
  Jungle trail about to be hit.
>
  What use is a treadmill,\\
  When you live atop a lush green hill,\\
  Just outside its pine's forest,\\
  The air it sustains, has no contest.
>
  The trail is earthy,\\
  Among the sea of green,\\
  Stone studded and frosty,\\
  The very first feet difficult to see.
>
  Our toes hit with soft thuds,\\
  Resonate with chirps of birds,\\
  Visibility is clogged, we run through fogs,\\
  Trail gets tougher so does the jog.
>
  The breaths are getting heavy,\\
  Fatigue, has started to levy,\\
  Just crept in has exhilaration,\\
  We look and smile, getting acceleration.
>
  The breaths are turning to frost,\\
  More & more, as we exhale them fast,\\
  Soon visible is finishing line,\\
  Calling for the ultimate race time.
>
  You burst forward with spurt,\\
  I just put enough, to match your gust,\\
  And finishing side by side simultaneously,\\
  To bicker, who's the winner teasingly?
>
  Pouting, you retire to mossy boulder,\\
  Insensitive, I call, Come on Loser,\\
  Your eyes reduces to slits,\\
  And glistening face turns away,\\
  Oh dear, it’s gonna take all,\\
  To make her sway.
>
  Briskly, I approach,\\
  You won't look, lest with reproach,\\
  While I ready my arms and say,\\
  ‘Come on pretty,’\\
  In a second lift you up,\\
  ‘See you aren't that heavy.’
>
  I will never feel any weight,\\
  For I have been through my 'wait’,\\
  With all the beauty and charm,\\
  You have been built to fit my arms.
>
  You squirm and you kick,\\
  I have you cased, like candle's wick,\\
  Just escaped from you a grin,\\
  Noticing, I say, fine you win.
>
  But you still won't grace with your look,\\
  Fine, even I don't need a book,
  Just have to make you giggle,\\
  I will resort to tickle.
>
  Just as you burst out laughing,\\
  Startled birds disperse out flying,\\
  Forest’s mood turned just brighter,\\
  Even sunshine has penetrated,\\
  Thus shines you brighter.
>
  Slowly around my neck,\\
  You have your arms draped,\\
  Alike adjusting inside a small nest,\\
  You lodge the head in my chest.
>
  ‘All set and all comfy,?’\\
  I ask to verify,\\
  'Oh no you cheat’,\\
  'Not till you slow the heartbeat,’.
>
  Slowing down to leisurely stroll,\\
  Near banks of a watering hole,\\
  And would continue back on trail,\\
  Love and gaiety on our tail.
>
  Every day I am ready,\\
  To be otherwise when you say’ steady’,\\
  To lose in this manner,\\
  Yet win over life with colorful banners.
